for any crew it's a privilege to travel
our amazing planet and there's one place
that everyone wants to visit the islands
of the Galapagos you may have heard of
the Galapagos for its stunning wildlife
but it still holds secrets and on one
shoot the crew stumbled across something
that none of them had seen before
I'll let the executive producer Johnny
Keeling explain so we're here filming
for planet Earth 2 on Fernandina which
is an uninhabited island in the
Galapagos and on this very beach baby
iguanas marine iguanas hatch out of
their eggs and come running across here
and they try to make it to the rocks
over on this side where their parents
are not to reach safety because under
the rocks here are snakes waiting to
catch some racer snakes so filming the
scene on this side here we have Freddy
and Paul who are operating the ronan
which is a stabilised camera which means
they can move with the snakes and the
iguanas and the shot remains very steady
and on this side here we have Richard
who is filming on a long lens to get
nice tight shots of all the action and
he's accompanied by Simone who's from
the national park and Robbie who is his
camera assistant
and there's a galapagos hawk which also
hunts the both the snakes and the
iguanas
ah
the desserts you can see basking our
marine iguanas they're only found here
they feed exclusively on seaweed and
dive up to nine meters beneath the waves
to get it making them the only marine
lizards in the world they're
cold-blooded so clocked any dip in the
sea they need to come back to the
surface to bask in the Sun and warm up
back on the beach the crew are
rehearsing their camera moves in an
uninhabited wilderness like Fernandina
the wildlife hasn't yet learned to fear
humans so there's no need for the crew
to hide they just need to play the
waiting game for the baby iguanas to
make a run for it Johnny isn't here for
the rehearsal
he's here in the rock pools even for
highly experienced Natural History
filmmakers the Galapagos is a
once-in-a-lifetime destination and there
is a lot to see like these curious
Galapagus fur seals
Fernandina is the youngest of the
Galapagos Islands and as you can see
this harsh volcanic landscape still
shows signs of its fiery birth yet with
hundreds of blue footed booby birds
around you there are few finer places
for us to admire a sunset
[Music]
you